Red Deck	+1 discard every round	None - this is the starting deck.
Blue Deck	Blue Deck	+1 hand every round	Discover at least 20 items from your collection.
Yellow Deck	Yellow Deck	Start with an extra $10	Discover at least 50 items from your your collection.
Green Deck	Green Deck	You don't earn interest. Instead, gain $2 per remaining Hand and $1 per remaining Discard at the end of each round.	Discover at least 75 items from your your collection.
Black Deck	Black Deck	+1 Joker slot, but -1 hand every round	Discover at least 100 items from your your collection.
Magic Deck	Magic Deck	Start run with the Crystal Ball voucher and 2 copies of The Fool	Win a run with the Red Deck on any difficulty.
Nebula Deck	Nebula Deck	Start run with the Telescope voucher but -1 consumable slot.	Win a run with the Blue Deck on any difficulty.
Ghost Deck	Ghost Deck	Spectral Cards may appear individually in the shop, and you start with a Hex card.	Win a run with the Yellow Deck on any difficulty.
Abandoned Deck	Abandoned Deck	This deck is smaller than normal as it has no Face Cards in it.	Win a run with the Green Deck on any difficulty.
Checkered Deck	Checkered Deck	Start run with 26 Spades and 26 Hearts in deck, and no Clubs or Diamonds.	Win a run with the Black Deck on any difficulty.
Zodiac Deck	Zodiac Deck	Start the run with Tarot Merchant, Planet Merchant, and Overstock vouchers.	Win a run with any deck on the Red Stake difficulty or harder.
Painted Deck	Painted Deck	+2 Hand Size, -1 Joker Slot.	Win a run with any deck on the Green Stake difficulty or harder.
Anaglyph Deck	Anaglyph Deck	After defeating each Boss Blind, gain a Double Tag	Win a run with any deck on the Black Stake difficulty or harder.
Plasma Deck	Plasma Deck	Balance Chips and Mult when calculating score for played hand. X2 base Blind size. (Your chips and mult become averaged before scoring)	Win a run with any deck on the Blue Stake difficulty or harder.
Erratic Deck	Erratic Deck	All Ranks and Suits in deck are randomized	Win a run with any deck on the Orange Stake difficulty or harder.
Challenge deck	Challenge Deck	This back is used for the deck used during Challenge runs.	Challenge mode is unlocked by winning a regular run with five different decks.

["Red Deck", "Blue Deck","Yellow Deck","Green Deck","Black Deck","Magic Deck","Nebula Deck","Ghost Deck","Abandoned Deck","Checkered Deck","Zodiac Deck","Painted Deck","Anaglyph Deck","Plasma Deck","Erratic Deck","Challenge Deck"]

White Stake	Base difficulty
Red stake	Red Stake	Small Blind gives no reward money
Green stake	Green Stake	Required score scales faster for each Ante
Black stake	Black Stake	Shop can have Eternal Jokers (Can't be sold or destroyed) Note: Each Joker has a 30% chance of being Eternal.
Blue stake	Blue Stake	-1 Discard
Purple stake	Purple Stake	Required score scales faster for each Ante
Orange stake	Orange Stake	Booster Packs cost $1 more per Ante
Gold stake	Gold Stake	-1 hand size

["White Stake","Red Stake","Green Stake","Black Stake","Blue Stake,","Purple Stake","Orange Stake","Gold Stake"]